This file is provided as a convenience to aid distributors in understanding
the copyrights for material that has been aggregated into msp430-libc.

Three variants of the BSD license are present:
  "FreeBSD" 2-clause license

  "Modified BSD" 3-clause license

  "BSD" Original 4-clause license.  Where the sole copyright holder was the Regents
  of the University of California, the copyright annotation was converted to
  Modified BSD per the authorization at:

     ftp://ftp.cs.berkeley.edu/pub/4bsd/README.Impt.License.Change

  Note that two files (sys/types.h, sys/string/strtok.c) use the BSD license
  and list an additional copyright holder.  These have not been converted.

Functions related to math are attributed to Sun Microsystems under a general
free use license.  Some file listed below do not include a copyright, but
are included in or otherwise associated with files that belong to this
suite.  Those are denoted by a prefix hook (?) before the copyright owner
and license.

The copyright owner and licensing of malloc/free cannot be identified.

Several one-line files are annotated with an inferred copyright owner (based
on who checked it in, an attribution without license, or clear dependence on
another), and are categorized as Unclaimed.

File                            Copyright Owner              License
====                            ===============              =======
include/bits/byteswap.h         People Power Co              Modified BSD
include/byteswap.h              People Power Co              Modified BSD
include/ctype.h                 Chris Liecti, Dmitry Diky    FreeBSD
include/debug.h                 Dmitry Diky                  FreeBSD
include/endian.h                People Power Co              Modified BSD
include/errno.h                 Dmitry Diky                  FreeBSD
include/inttypes.h              Peter A. Bigot               Modified BSD
include/isr_compat.h            Steve Underwood              FreeBSD
include/legacymsp430.h          Dmitry Dicky, Chris Liechti  FreeBSD
include/limits.h                Dmitry Dicky                 FreeBSD
include/math.h                  ?Sun Microsystems            ?Free Use
include/msp430libc.h            Peter A. Bigot               Modified BSD
include/setjmp.h                Dmitry Dicky                 FreeBSD
include/signal.h                Peter A. Bigot               Modified BSD
include/stdint.h                Steve Underwood              FreeBSD
include/stdio.h                 Dmitry Dicky                 FreeBSD
include/stdlib.h                Dmitry Dicky                 FreeBSD
include/string.h                Dmitry Dicky                 FreeBSD
include/sys/_ansi.h             ?Sun Microsystems            ?Free Use
include/sys/_types.h            ?Sun Microsystems            ?Free Use
include/sys/cdefs.h             Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
include/sys/config.h            ?Sun Microsystems            ?Free Use
include/sys/fdlibm.h            Sun Microsystems             Free Use
include/sys/ieeefp.h            ?Sun Microsystems            ?Free Use
include/sys/inttypes.h          Peter A. Bigot               Modified BSD
include/sys/reent.h             ?Sun Microsystems            ?Free Use
include/sys/types.h             Regents U. CA, UNIX Sys Lab  BSD
include/sys/crtld.h             Peter A. Bigot               Modified BSD
src/core_common.inc             Sergey A. Borshch            Modified BSD
src/libm/addsf.c                Dmitry Dicky                 FreeBSD
src/libm/cmpsf.c                Dmitry Dicky                 FreeBSD
src/libm/divsf.c                Dmitry Dicky                 FreeBSD
src/libm/ef_acos.c              Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/ef_acosh.c             Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/ef_asin.c              Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/ef_atan2.c             Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/ef_atanh.c             Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/ef_cosh.c              Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/ef_exp.c               Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/ef_fmod.c              Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/ef_hypot.c             Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/ef_j0.c                Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/ef_j1.c                Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/ef_jn.c                Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/ef_log.c               Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/ef_log10.c             Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/ef_pow.c               Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/ef_rem_pio2.c          Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/ef_remainder.c         Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/ef_scalb.c             Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/ef_sinh.c              Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/ef_sqrt.c              Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/eqsf.c                 Dmitry Dicky                 FreeBSD
src/libm/erf_gamma.c            Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/erf_lgamma.c           Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/fdlibm.h               Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/fixsfdi.c              Dmitry Dicky                 FreeBSD
src/libm/fixsfsi.c              Dmitry Dicky                 FreeBSD
src/libm/fixunssfdi.c           Dmitry Dicky                 FreeBSD
src/libm/fixunssfsi.c           Dmitry Dicky                 FreeBSD
src/libm/floatdisf.c            Dmitry Dicky                 FreeBSD
src/libm/floatsisf.c            Dmitry Dicky                 FreeBSD
src/libm/gesf.c                 Dmitry Dicky                 FreeBSD
src/libm/gtsf.c                 Dmitry Dicky                 FreeBSD
src/libm/kf_cos.c               Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/kf_rem_pio2.c          Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/kf_sin.c               Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/kf_tan.c               Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/lesf.c                 Dmitry Dicky                 FreeBSD
src/libm/ltsf.c                 Dmitry Dicky                 FreeBSD
src/libm/mulsf.c                Dmitry Dicky                 FreeBSD
src/libm/negsf.c                Dmitry Dicky                 FreeBSD
src/libm/nesf.c                 Dmitry Dicky                 FreeBSD
src/libm/sf_asinh.c             Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/sf_atan.c              Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/sf_cbrt.c              Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/sf_ceil.c              Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/sf_copysign.c          Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/sf_cos.c               Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/sf_erf.c               Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/sf_expm1.c             Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/sf_fabs.c              Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/sf_finite.c            Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/sf_floor.c             Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/sf_frexp.c             Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/sf_ilogb.c             Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/sf_infinity.c          ?Cygnus Support              ?
src/libm/sf_isinf.c             ?Cygnus Support              ?
src/libm/sf_isnan.c             ?Cygnus Support              ?
src/libm/sf_ldexp.c             Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/sf_log1p.c             Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/sf_logb.c              Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/sf_modf.c              Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/sf_nan.c               ?Cygnus Support              ?
src/libm/sf_nextafter.c         Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/sf_rint.c              Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/sf_scalbn.c            Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/sf_signif.c            Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/sf_sin.c               Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/sf_tan.c               Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/sf_tanh.c              Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/libm/subsf.c                Sun Microsystems             Free Use
src/misc/__bswap_32.S           People Power Co              Modified BSD
src/misc/__bswap_64.S           People Power Co              Modified BSD
src/stdlib/abort.S              Dmitry Dicky                 Unclaimed
src/stdlib/abs.c                Marek Michalkiewicz          Unclaimed
src/stdlib/atoi.c               Dmitry Dicky                 Unclaimed
src/stdlib/atol.c               Marek Michalkiewicz          Unclaimed
src/stdlib/bsearch.c            Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/stdlib/div.S                Dmitry Dicky                 Unclaimed
src/stdlib/errno.c              Marek Michalkiewicz          Unclaimed
src/stdlib/exit.S               Dmitry Dicky                 FreeBSD
src/stdlib/itoa.c               Chris Takahashi              FreeBSD
src/stdlib/labs.c               Marek Michalkiewicz          Unclaimed
src/stdlib/ldiv.S               Dmitry Dicky                 Unclaimed
src/stdlib/ltoa.c               Chris Takahashi              FreeBSD
src/stdlib/malloc.c             *Unknown                     *Unknown
src/stdlib/printf.c             Peter A. Bigot               Modified BSD
src/stdlib/puts.c               Peter A. Bigot               Modified BSD
src/stdlib/rand.c               Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/stdlib/setjmp.S             Dmitry Dicky                 FreeBSD
src/stdlib/sprintf.c            Peter A. Bigot               Modified BSD
src/stdlib/strtol.c             Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/stdlib/strtoul.c            Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/stdlib/ultoa.c              Chris Takahashi              FreeBSD
src/stdlib/uprintf.c            Peter A. Bigot               Modified BSD
src/stdlib/utoa.c               Chris Takahashi              FreeBSD
src/stdlib/vuprintf.c           Chris Liechti, Peter A. Bigot Modified BSD
src/string/bcmp.c               Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/string/bcopy.c              Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/string/bzero.c              Regents U. CA                Unclaimed
src/string/ffs.c                Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/string/index.c              Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/string/isalnum.c            Dmitry Dicky                 Unclaimed
src/string/isalpha.c            Dmitry Dicky                 Unclaimed
src/string/isascii.c            Dmitry Dicky                 Unclaimed
src/string/isblank.c            Dmitry Dicky                 Unclaimed
src/string/iscntrl.c            Dmitry Dicky                 Unclaimed
src/string/isdigit.c            Dmitry Dicky                 Unclaimed
src/string/islower.c            Dmitry Dicky                 Unclaimed
src/string/isprint.c            Dmitry Dicky                 Unclaimed
src/string/ispunct.c            Dmitry Dicky                 Unclaimed
src/string/isspace.c            Dmitry Dicky                 Unclaimed
src/string/isupper.c            Dmitry Dicky                 Unclaimed
src/string/isxdigit.c           Dmitry Dicky                 Unclaimed
src/string/memccpy.c            Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/string/memchr.c             Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/string/memcmp.c             Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/string/memcpy.c             Regents U. CA                Unclaimed
src/string/memmove.c            Regents U. CA                Unclaimed
src/string/memset.c             Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/string/rindex.c             Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/string/strcasecmp.c         Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/string/strcat.c             Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/string/strchr.c             Regents U. CA                Unclaimed
src/string/strcmp.c             Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/string/strcpy.c             Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/string/strcspn.c            Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/string/strdup.c             Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/string/strlcat.c            Todd C. Miller               Modified BSD
src/string/strlcpy.c            Todd C. Miller               Modified BSD
src/string/strlen.c             Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/string/strncasecmp.c        Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/string/strncat.c            Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/string/strncmp.c            Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/string/strncpy.c            Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/string/strpbrk.c            Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/string/strrchr.c            Regents U. CA                Unclaimed
src/string/strsep.c             Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/string/strspn.c             Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/string/strstr.c             Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/string/strtok.c             Softweyr LLC, Regents U. CA  BSD
src/string/swab.c               Regents U. CA                Modified BSD
src/string/toascii.c            Dmitry Dicky                 Unclaimed
src/string/tolower.c            Dmitry Dicky                 Unclaimed
src/string/toupper.c            Dmitry Dicky                 Unclaimed
